Update full-kubernetes-exporter.md (#150)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/complete-use-cases/full-kubernetes-exporter.md

## Summary

> In this use-case, you achieved a full GitOps method for exporting data from a Kubernetes cluster to Port, using Port's K8s Exporter and Terraform provider. You now have a comprehensive mapping of your Kubernetes cluster in Port, that updates in real-time according to the state of your Kubernetes cluster and allowes you to view information directly from Port such as replica counts for your deployments, node readiness and job run statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this use-case, you implemented a complete GitOps based flow for exporting data from a Kubernetes cluster to Port, using Port's K8s Exporter and Terraform provider. You now have a comprehensive mapping of your Kubernetes cluster in Port, that updates in real-time according to the state of your Kubernetes cluster and allowes you to view information directly from Port such as replica counts for your deployments, node readiness and job run statuses.
```
